---
id: "1734887375"
created: 2024-12-22T18:09:35
modified: 2024-12-30T20:02:50
title: "Journal prompts "
aliases: ["Journal prompts ", Journal prompts]
tags: [input, knowledge, note, insight, video, journal, prompt, questions, zet]
links:
  - ""
---
# Journal prompts 

Reference
- Ali Abdaal's YouTube
- [video reference](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HrM4M_A7OWA)

질의들  

- What would you do if money were no object?
- What would you like people to say at your funeral?
- If you repeat this week's actions for 10 years, where does it lead, and is that where you want to be?
- What activities in the last 2 weeks have energised and drained me?
- How is your Wheel of Life?
- The Current Path - Write out, in detail, what your life would look like 5 years from now if you continued down your current path.
- What is the goal and what is the bottleneck?
- Which goal will have the greatest positive impact on your life?
- Do you work for your business or does it work for you?
- If you knew you'd die in 2 years, how would you spend your time?

Odyssey Plan  
1) What does my life look like 5 years from now if I continue down on the same path?  
2) What does my life look like 5 years from now if I take a completely different path?  
3) What does my life look like if I take a different path but not worry about money or others' opinions?  
  
The Wheel of Life  
- Rate 0 to 10 on each criteria.  
1) Business/Career  
2) Finances  
3) Health  
4) Family & Friends  
5) Romance  
6) Personal Growth  
7) Fun & Recreation  
8) Physical environment  
- How satisfy am I?  
  
The 12 Month Celebration  
- What would I like to celebrate for?  
  
Fear Setting Exercise  
1) What is the worst thing that will happen if I do the thing that I fear doing?  
2) What can I do to prevent each of the worst things from happening?  
3) If the worst case scenario happened, what can I do to repair it?  
4) What are the benefits of an attempt or partial success?  
5) If I don't do the thing that scares me, what will my life look like in 6 months, 1 year, and 3 years?  
  
Solomon's Paradox  
- Give advice about personal scenarios of your own, but think that it is not yours but others.  
- Think you are living second life, or you are your 80 years old. And give advice to you of present.  
  
Decisions - deciding what's worth pursuing  
- What would you do if you know you couldn't fail? (May not be worth it)  
- What would you do even if you knew you would fail? (Stuff worth doing regardless)  
  
Decisions - on finding guidance  
- Think about someone you look up to or care about...  
- What would this person do in this scenario or decision you need to make?  
  
Learning - what you learned today  
- What is one thing you learned today that you could teach someone else about?  
  
Learning - on learning about yourself  
- Think about a time in your life when you worked on a personal project.  
- What did you learn through this process?  
- Did you feel a sense of purpose when learning by taking action?  
- What's another project you may benefit from?  
  
Goals - on setting and achieving goals  
- What action did you take today that got you closer to your goal(s)?  
- What went well?  
- What could have gone better?  
- How can you improve tomorrow?  
  
Purpose - on spending time wisely  
- Is how you're spending your time today, this week, or this month what you want to be remembered for forever?  
- If not, what can you do to change that?  
  
Purpose - on child-like wonder  
- What would your 10-year-old self think of what you're doing today?  
- Does this make you excited, or does it invoke a desire to change?  
- How can you continue to seek that child-like wonder in daily life?  
  
Clarity - on silence and solitude  
- When was the last time you enjoyed silence?  
- Did you have any specific ideas or thoughts during this time?  
- How can you "listen to yourself" more often? (Going for a walk outside, reading a book, journaling in a quiet space, etc)  
  
[#01.Log](https://keep.google.com/u/0/#label/01.Log)


#### Links

- [[]]
- [[]]

---
- created: 2024-12-22 18:09
