---
id: 1-a
created: 2024-11-15T11:11:09
modified: 2024-11-15T12:15:28
title: Expertise of a Data Analyst
aliases: [Expertise of a Data Analyst]
tags: [init, idea, thought, note, data analyst, data_analyst, expertise]
links:
---
# Expertise of a Data Analyst

Novice data analysts often overlook critical components of data analysis, such as clearly defining the goal, scope, requirements, problem statement, and hypothesis. This oversight frequently leads to poor insights and ineffective solutions. Consequently, they have no story to tell to the client.

Experienced data analysts not only follow the main workflow of a data analyst but also come up with a story to let the client easily understand insight from the result and imagine the outcome of solutions.

Good data analysts are experienced data analysts and they make a good story, with their insight and creativity.

Better data analysts not only have a good story but also provide critical opinions for their clients, with honesty.

The best data analyst doesn't hesitate to give honest insights from the result, and not only has a microscopic view of a problem but also a macroscopic vision of an overall situation. And stories are touching and excellent.

Bad data analysts are experienced data analysts. They follow the main workflow of a data analysis, but they intentionally hide unpleasant data and disguise metrics, to let their clients relief and listen only to make them delight. They only focus on having more money.

#### Links

- [[docs/highthoughts/1|What is a Data Analyst and its Typical Workflow]]
- [[]]

---
- created: 2024-11-15 11:11
